# Startup Agreement

I have read the Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use") and understand that the Terms of Use govern my use of the Services (as defined in the Terms of Use). If I am accessing the Services on behalf of a Startup (as defined in the Terms of Use), my agreement to this Startup Agreement will be treated as the agreement of both me as an individual and for Startup, and all references to "I" or "you" herein shall include Startup.

I represent and warrant to Thrivera Ventures Fund I, LLC d/b/a Wunderfund and its affiliates (collectively, "Wunderfund") that the information submitted about Startup is correct and complete. I understand and agree that if any event occurs or circumstance arises that causes the information in Startup's profile to be untrue or misleading in any material respect, then I must update such information to make it true and correct in all material respects prior to using the Services to raise capital. I agree that I am fully responsible for the accuracy of any information related to Startup that I upload, and I am fully responsible for any and all consequences and claims related to any investment that is made in Startup through the Services in reliance upon such information.

I UNDERSTAND THAT THE OFFER AND SALE OF SECURITIES — INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, STOCK, OPTIONS, CONVERTIBLE DEBT, WARRANTS AND OTHER SIMILAR INSTRUMENTS — IS REGULATED BY FEDERAL AND STATE LAW ("SECURITIES LAWS"), AND THAT IF I USE THE SERVICES TO CONDUCT ANY TRANSACTION INVOLVING SECURITIES I MUST DO SO IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS.

I UNDERSTAND THAT WUNDERFUND MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT TRANSACTIONS CONDUCTED THROUGH THE SITE WILL BE IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES TO CONDUCT ANY TRANSACTION INVOLVING SECURITIES DOES NOT CONSTITUTE COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY VIOLATE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS.

I UNDERSTAND THAT THRIVERA VENTURES FUND I, LLC IS A "FUNDING PORTAL" BUT IS NOT A "BROKER" OR A "DEALER," AS THOSE TERMS ARE DEFINED IN SECTION 3(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.

IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIMITATION OF, THE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS ON WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THE TERMS OF USE, I AGREE THAT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW WUNDERFUND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSSES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO ANY TRANSACTION IN SECURITIES CONDUCTED THROUGH THE SITE.

In addition to, and not in limitation of, the indemnity set forth in the Terms of Use, I agree to defend Thrivera Ventures Fund I, LLC and its affiliates, licensors and assignees and their respective officers, directors, managers, members, agents, partners and employees (the "Wunderfund Indemnitees"), from and against any and all claims, actions, suits, demands or other proceedings brought by or on behalf of any third party, and to indemnify and hold the Wunderfund Indemnitees harmless against any losses, liabilities and other damages including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees, in any case arising out of or related to my use of the Site and the Services in connection with any transaction in securities. I understand this defense and indemnification obligation will survive following the termination of my use of the Site and the Services.

I agree that Thrivera Ventures Fund I, LLC shall have the right, but not the obligation, to list Startup as a customer who uses the Services and in materials promoting the Services. I further agree that if I use the Services to raise capital for Startup, Thrivera Ventures Funds I, LLC has the right, during and after the term of this Agreement, to list Startup and details of the transaction on the Services and in materials promoting the Services.